README.md, before:

# alfred_workflows

### 1. Math tools

##### Description:

A set of *useful* and *convenient* math tools including:

+ Simplify fractions
+ Calculate greatest common divisor
+ Calculate least common multiple
+ Simplify surds
+ Calculate log functions
+ Prime factorization
+ Permutations and Combinations
+ Base conversion
+ Bitwise Calculation

[Detailed introduction](MathTools/README.md)

##### Download:

Go [here](https://github.com/Emrys365/alfred_workflows/blob/master/MathTools/MathTools.alfredworkflow) and download it directly.

---

### 2. cd

##### Description:

An enhanced `cd` command for opening path/file conveniently.

This workflow could help you:
 - open the given path/file in Finder
 - (cmd) reveal the given path/file in Finder
 - (ctrl) open the given path/file in iTerm

[Detailed introduction](cdTool/README.md)

##### Download:

Go [here](https://github.com/Emrys365/alfred_workflows/blob/master/cdTool/cd.alfredworkflow) and download it directly.

---

### 3. Unicode tools

##### Description:

A set of *convenient​* tools for encoding and decoding of strings:

+ Convert a character to unicode
+ Convert a unicode to character
+ Encode a string into base64 format
+ Decode a base64 string

[Detailed introduction](UnicodeTools/README.md)

##### Download:

Go [here](https://github.com/Emrys365/alfred_workflows/blob/master/UnicodeTools/UnicodeTools.alfredworkflow) and download it directly.

-----

### 4. quicker

##### Description:

A set of predefined “workflows” for various Mac apps.

It provides convenient shortcuts for complex actions in some commonly used Mac apps. For example, it enables you to resize all pictures in your MS Word document without moving your mouse.

Currently supported Mac apps are:

 * Finder
 * Microsoft Excel
 * Microsoft PowerPoint
 * Microsoft Word
 * Safari
 * Google Chrome

[Detailed introduction](quicker/README.md)

##### Download:

Go [here](https://github.com/Emrys365/alfred_workflows/blob/master/quicker/quicker.alfredworkflow) and download it directly.

-----

### 5. To be continued

Commit message:

Add  for storing, parsing and searching BibTeX entries in a convenient way

README.md, after:

# alfred_workflows

### 1. Math tools

##### Description:

A set of *useful* and *convenient* math tools including:

+ Simplify fractions
+ Calculate greatest common divisor
+ Calculate least common multiple
+ Simplify surds
+ Calculate log functions
+ Prime factorization
+ Permutations and Combinations
+ Base conversion
+ Bitwise Calculation

[Detailed introduction](MathTools/README.md)

##### Download:

Go [here](https://github.com/Emrys365/alfred_workflows/blob/master/MathTools/MathTools.alfredworkflow) and download it directly.

---

### 2. cd

##### Description:

An enhanced `cd` command for opening path/file conveniently.

This workflow could help you:
 - open the given path/file in Finder
 - (cmd) reveal the given path/file in Finder
 - (ctrl) open the given path/file in iTerm

[Detailed introduction](cdTool/README.md)

##### Download:

Go [here](https://github.com/Emrys365/alfred_workflows/blob/master/cdTool/cd.alfredworkflow) and download it directly.

---

### 3. Unicode tools

##### Description:

A set of *convenient​* tools for encoding and decoding of strings:

+ Convert a character to unicode
+ Convert a unicode to character
+ Encode a string into base64 format
+ Decode a base64 string

[Detailed introduction](UnicodeTools/README.md)

##### Download:

Go [here](https://github.com/Emrys365/alfred_workflows/blob/master/UnicodeTools/UnicodeTools.alfredworkflow) and download it directly.

-----

### 4. quicker

##### Description:

A set of predefined “workflows” for various Mac apps.

It provides convenient shortcuts for complex actions in some commonly used Mac apps. For example, it enables you to resize all pictures in your MS Word document without moving your mouse.

Currently supported Mac apps are:

 * Finder
 * Microsoft Excel
 * Microsoft PowerPoint
 * Microsoft Word
 * Safari
 * Google Chrome

[Detailed introduction](quicker/README.md)

##### Download:

Go [here](https://github.com/Emrys365/alfred_workflows/blob/master/quicker/quicker.alfredworkflow) and download it directly.

-----

### 5. BibTeX tool

##### Description:

A convenient local tool for parsing, storing and searching BibTeX entries.

It allows you to quickly store the BibTeX string of frequently used references in an SQLite database, which will be automatically parsed and normalized via the simple BibTeX parser from [here](https://github.com/Emrys365/PlayWithLinux#3-bibtex-parser).

Then you can easily retrieve or update any stored BibTeX entry by searching for some keywords in that BibTeX string.

[Detailed introduction](bibtexTool/README.md)

##### Download:

Go [here](https://github.com/Emrys365/alfred_workflows/blob/master/bibtexTool/BibTeX_tool.alfredworkflow) and download it directly.

### 6. To be continued
